Your kindergarten is such an eye-opener
This is me, the father of the wind chimp and Song Zhaozhao
Yo, it's you stinky brick carrier
I haven't taken off my clothes yet
It was a brick mover
When?
Children who move bricks can also enter our kindergarten
This is the quality of your kindergarten teacher
You are a coolie on a construction site
Understand what is literacy
We are an advanced kindergarten
How could you, a stinky brick-carrying child, come in?
I said these two kids speak different words
It must be your child who lied
That's how low education is for the poor.
You're right actually.
An honest person like you
This school really doesn't deserve my child
If so
Then you take the order.
Dean Wang, I am Fang Yanchen
I'll give you five minutes to come to the office
Otherwise, the investment will be cancelled.
Stop acting
What do you know about investing?
Our dean Wang's younger brother
But the executives of the Feng Group
How can you shout that stinky brick carrier?
If I shout
It's all rubbish at one house
The little ones lie, the big ones lie.
You stinky trash, if you really shout
I apologize to Li Huixia
The question is, can you shout?
Hey, it's alright.
You shout
I can shout
I will send a message to Dean Wang now.
Let him come and expose you stinky brick carrier himself
Get out of here with these little bastards by the way
This is good for me.
The most despised is the poor guy who only knows how to brag
Forget it if you have no money
Dreaming all day
It just brought down our entire kindergarten
Mr. Feng
Why don't we transfer the child to a hospital?
You don't believe me either
It's just that he has the Song family as his backer
I'm afraid Dean Wang will come later, don't worry.
Dare to bully my child
No one is his backer
Dean Wang
Did you come here after seeing the message sent by Mr. Cheng?
It's this poor family
What else do you dare to say?
You have five minutes to come to the office
Don't be afraid to flash your tongue when you say such a big word
You quickly dismantle them
Show them some color and shut up
Dean Wang, you have a few words
just right
Take these ducklings
Get out of here
Um, I'm sorry.
They're not the ones who got me out of kindergarten
Is your nephew
Dare to drive them out
What do you mean?
I donated 1 million to the school
Do you want me to take it back?
Yes, Dean, are you talking about the wrong person?
It's this poor family that should get out
Let's go
Do you know who this is?
This is the president of the Fung Corporation.
Mr. Fang
We found the surveillance of the Royal Court Club 5 years ago
surveillance alert